QUESTIONS.md, before:

# QUESTIONS AND RESPONSES

• Can you review the website and pick six most important user journeys from the site?
RESPONSE: I selected the following 6 user journeys:

    • User registration
    • User login/logout
    • User browse products
    • User search products
    • User add products to shopping cart
    • Checkout process from the application

• Out of the six user journeys proceed to pick four journeys to script against and explain why you picked these journeys?
RESPONSE: I picked the following 4 journeys:

    • User registration + User login/logout
    • User search products
    • User add products to shopping cart
    • Checkout process from the app

1. User registration:

        • New users are able to sign up and create an account.
        • Critical because onboarding directly impacts user growth.
        • User growth often translates into sales and revenue — particularly in the case of an e-commerce business.

2. User Login and Logout:

        • Existing users log in and log out successfully. 
        • Core authentication functionality is tested.

3. User search products:

        • Users are able to search for products using the search bar consistently. 
        • Ensures product discoverability.

4. User add products to shopping cart:

        • Users add products to cart and view cart contents for current or later action.
        • This directly tied to conversion - intention to purchase the added product(s).

• Proceed to choose the framework and programming language you intend on using and explain why you choose them?
RESPONSE - I choose:

    i. Framework: pytest-playwright:

        • Offers out-of-the-box support for browser contexts.
        • It provides inbuilt auto-waiting, thereby reducing "flaky" tests.
        • Multiple test cases can be runned in parallel execution. 
        • Playwright provides a powerful GUI debugging tool called Trace, which to visually inspect test execution step by step.
        • It provides features like fixtures, parameterization, and excellent reporting plugins (pytest-html or allure).
        • It is significantly faster and more modern than Selenium and WebDriverIO.

    ii. Programming Language: Python:

        • The syntax is clean and readable, which speeds up script development and makes maintenance easier.

• Build a basic framework from scratch and script the four journeys you have chosen previously.
RESPONSE: 
        
        • Available in the codebase.

Commit message:

Add another benefit of using playwright

QUESTIONS.md, after:

# QUESTIONS AND RESPONSES

• Can you review the website and pick six most important user journeys from the site?
RESPONSE: I selected the following 6 user journeys:

    • User registration
    • User login/logout
    • User browse products
    • User search products
    • User add products to shopping cart
    • Checkout process from the application

• Out of the six user journeys proceed to pick four journeys to script against and explain why you picked these journeys?
RESPONSE: I picked the following 4 journeys:

    • User registration + User login/logout
    • User search products
    • User add products to shopping cart
    • Checkout process from the app

1. User registration:

        • New users are able to sign up and create an account.
        • Critical because onboarding directly impacts user growth.
        • User growth often translates into sales and revenue — particularly in the case of an e-commerce business.

2. User Login and Logout:

        • Existing users log in and log out successfully. 
        • Core authentication functionality is tested.

3. User search products:

        • Users are able to search for products using the search bar consistently. 
        • Ensures product discoverability.

4. User add products to shopping cart:

        • Users add products to cart and view cart contents for current or later action.
        • This directly tied to conversion - intention to purchase the added product(s).

• Proceed to choose the framework and programming language you intend on using and explain why you choose them?
RESPONSE - I choose:

    i. Framework: pytest-playwright:

        • Offers out-of-the-box support for browser contexts.
        • It provides inbuilt auto-waiting, thereby reducing "flaky" tests.
        • Multiple test cases can be runned in parallel execution.
        • Playwright supports API testing without installing any external packages.
        • Playwright provides a powerful GUI debugging tool called Trace, which to visually inspect test execution step by step.
        • It provides features like fixtures, parameterization, and excellent reporting plugins (pytest-html or allure).
        • It is significantly faster and more modern than Selenium and WebDriverIO.

    ii. Programming Language: Python:

        • The syntax is clean and readable, which speeds up script development and makes maintenance easier.

• Build a basic framework from scratch and script the four journeys you have chosen previously.
RESPONSE: 
        
        • Available in the codebase.
